what up guys today I'm going to show you
how to connect your ps3 controller or
xbox 360 or any PlayStation controller
to your PC it's really simple and i will
put the link in the description the
fresh we want to do is go to motioninjoy
and download this one as you can see
here you can also download this i would
suggest download this one or this one
both work after you have downloaded this
and install it you will get this it's
called ds3 to and what you want to do is
very simple you want to plug in your
PlayStation 3 controller and after
you've done that you're going to press
right here I know it says xbox 360
controller but this is the right one if
you click on this one you might not
gonna kind of be able to play like games
like fifa battlefield modern warfare and
so on so put up putting the xbox 360
controller click enable all right this
money can skip I did this one to show
off because when you click on one and
the lighter on your playstation 3
controller will light on the number one
so it's pretty cool you can like like
also one and three so one or three will
be lighting it's pretty pimp so yeah
guys so oft you've done that put the
deal do a sharp controller right here
click on this tab and after click enable
and hit the navel twice or three times
just to make sure and after click gain
control panel okay open it up and you
can see this controller is okay okay the
status is alright alright so after that
you can close this and I'll put up your
games and stop playing
so it's really simple guys just install
it open it up make sure to eat your
controller right there hit xbox 360
controller and then unable and if you
get problems click here drive it mad
driver manager and you will open this up
and you will click right there tonight
but this is the port that I put my dual
shock if your place entry control isn't
working click on this one and click load
driver all right click load driver and
then go back to profiles and click here
alright so driver manager hit that tab
click load and then go back to profiler
profile sorry guys all right I click
enable two or three times just to make
sure everything is set and then you can
do whatever you want you can play V file
you can play battlefield I just tried
them FIFA but it works great guys it
works perfectly so yeah guys hope you
like this tutorial and please subscribe
for more it would help me a lot I'm new
I'm kind of new to youtube so this is
really hard but I'm trying to do my best
you know I hope I will make some
progress in the future but yeah thanks
for watching guys needs a lot to me
please subscribe and like if you liked
it and if you have any problem please
leave a comment we will respond by right
away alright thanks for watching guys